We have a sailboat with which to conquer evil! Oh, just having a little interaction with the undead! Says the person who isn't going to fly off by themselves they get murderized immediately. And as a non-flying individual you won't be. Oh, good, I'm glad to know we can keep right up to the minute at the exact moment where I'll die an excruciating death! And how am I to arrive neither clothed nor naked? What happens when we get to the door?! I don't know! I'm not at the door, I'm here screaming into a piece of jewelry, half-naked! I feel like I would have more success if I was trying to order a pizza from this woman! Oh, I'm terribly sorry. All right. Off I go; if I get murdered, you'll just have to wait longer for me to come back. I'm not an idiot! Greetings and salutations, guardians of the castle! I have come, neither through walking or a wheelèd chariot I believe your sign said something about that. So I have arrived through the proper fashion and I bid you greetings! Hello! Ah, good! The manager I assume. Kind sir! I was wondering if perhaps you could help us, since I came through wingèd flight and not through the power of shoe leather. Yes, they are with me. They'll be here in just a moment. We didn't know if they, coming through walking, would count. We thought you preferred your guests to arrive via the air. How'd I do? "Foul beast" is a little impolite I am half-human.. and that's the half that counts. The good half, eh? Ha ha ha. That's right. Uh It's a long story. My father had a brief dalliance during his young-man days with someone not entirely of this dimensional plane, and nine months later I arrived. But just know that I bear you no ill will and did I mention I came by the air? That seems to be something that your castle-type folk prefer. We have no weapons. The woman that approacheth from the north has a boat. I don't think that counts as a weapon. We are weaponless. The larger fellow has some baked goods that perhaps might be I don't know how many of you there are. He has quite a few. He could stand to get rid of some. He doesn't need them all, if you know what I'm saying. Uh So just any minute they'll be here, and completely weaponless; without weapons of any do they need to keep pointing arrows at me? Perhaps that could stop while we're doing our tête-à-tête? I'm not that close to them They are part of my party, but not people that I've known for quite some that's a lovely wagon. Is that for us? I didn't think you wanted us entering via wagon. Shall we get on the wagon? Is that customary? Did not see the cage; not a fan of the cage. Perhaps I could just walk in with my all right, I don't know why she's holding the boat. Put the boat down! Good. I feel that the sarcasm is unnecessary. Are you coming Eggerton? You could just walk I have to enter through the cage because I'm apparently a demonic hellspawn from Hades below. Wait, do not talk Um, he No, no. It's perfectly fine. As you can see my friend is very inebriated and loves his medallion very much, and sometimes shares secrets with it! You share secrets with jewelry, don't you? Yes No And that of course was our famous ventriloquism act! The three of us travel across different counties, with our special talking jewelry. I am Blat, he's a drunken idiot, and she's wearing pants that are too big for her. We may shorten the name of our group, but perhaps your King and Queen will enjoy watching our special program. Why? Why, when we're headed towards an unknown castle, would you decide that that would be the moment to get completely blotto? All right. There is a guard. We're going to try to barter our way out of this with either fairy cakes or a fairy cake lover. That's right I will barter you if I have to. Guard! Guard! Oh, I would but I have a very good offer to make to you, my dear friend. You see like a man of refined taste. Do you have a sweet tooth perhaps? Meat is good. Meat is close enough. So! What my lovely assistant here has this little pouches a collection of the finest dessert items you could ever come across. These are, dare I say, magical dessert items, each with its own special surprise properties. Perhaps we could interest you in not one, not two, not three, but the entire satchelful shut up Eggerton, I swear to God shut up Then perhaps if we give you this pouch We can perhaps forget to lock the cell door and point us out of the portcullis. What do you say, my good friend? I did not foresee this happening. Throw him the pouch. Just give him the pouch, Darcy. I believe he may have drawn my apartment complex! Wait. They said that there might be two other people coming this might be one of those people! Well we're in this cell. Well, my idea got rid of the fairy cake, so while that hasn't solved anything, I feel as if we've removed a future problem. Could someone strip search him next time? He's still loaded with fairy cakes. Well, fairy cake it up. That's the only card we have to play. Hello! You from Steadfast come. We come also! You draw apartment building. You know local dry cleaner? Well, we have nothing but time. Go ahead and ask me. I'm not a wizard! Thanks to being half-demonic, I have what has been referred to as a "soul bound weapon" not something that my mother ever told me about but that's it. Now it's possible Wait! Wait! I have an idea! I know it's probably not wise to fire off a bazooka in here in such close quarters. Don't look at me like that, Darcy. But a large metal tube with the shell removed might be strong enough to batter down this door. EggerSON, EggerSON. And I of course am Frank this is, uh, my sister-in-law Agatha. We are a traveling ventriloquist troupe. He's very good. I'm not the one speaking right now it's the shorter with fellow, ha ha. Quite talented aren't we? Well, we've taken up too much of your time. Perhaps you can let us go and we'll never come to your county again. That's a 12! Well, no one's tried to enter my mind before. But that's just what a half-demon mind can do! So Chancellor, clinky-clinky with the key and we won't bother you any longer. Yep, they're called puppets! Puppets with the ventriloquist troupe. We have many of them and we can make them talk For God's sakes keep him quiet! Good work, Agatha! And as you can see, even though it appears his mouth is closed, I am still talking. Ooo, the talent! It would be a shame if we didn't make our next performance day at the local children's hospital, so Again, please let us out and we shall be on our way. Do you like fairy cakes at all? Oh Lord. Everyone against the wall. Against the back wall. Backs against the wall Oh, this is a terrible idea. Bazooka! Where did I get this? Ventriloquists are quite tricksy, aren't they? Please don't listen to Creepy Blacky-Eye. Just let us go or I'll be forced to use this. This is not just a metal tube, I assure you. This is a tube of badness. Just open the door and let us go, or I'll be forced to pull the trigger of doom. Trigger of doom! Unlock the cell door and you can back up. You. You! Do you have keys? You have keys. Get keys, give that one keys, up front. One of you has to have keys! Come back with keys! This is just great. All right, we could try that. Help me get the shell out of this thing. It's fine. I'll do it. I feel like I'm on a game show all of a sudden! Three questions? Tell us who the sketch artist is! Who's Blacky-Eye? How do we get out of this cell? Don't ask me how many fish I can name! I have absolutely no idea. Bazooka! Oh thank heavens, at least that's operating correctly. All right. Everyone's back against the wall? I'm not doing anything until I see his eyes. What do his eyes look like? Then I'll put the bazooka down. Pissed off. What colour are your eyes? Simple question what colour are your eyes? All right, fine. Sure. Yes. Fine. We did. And suddenly it's all very simple. All right, let's go see King Pramir. No. You cannot eat another fairy cake for the rest of the day. Um my name was Phil? Phil! My name was is Phil. And, uh excuse my lack of shirt. Uh, one question. What's the sketch artist in here for? Maybe, um They seem like a good egg. Why doesn't the sketch artist come along with us? Yup. Um, they were actually the ones that solved the riddle. We were like, "Oh of course, the riddle! How easy!" so yes. Agatha. Yes. See to our good friend, um Mademoiselle Tibbert. Get on one knee. Get on one knee. You're in front of royalty, get on one knee. Just get on one knee. Everyone, one-knee it. One-knee it. Um I am Phil and this is our ventriloquist troupe. All right. Come on up. Come on up. And nothing about fairy cakes. Just pretend you have another interest for just five minutes. Could you get Scribbly here to stop drawing in the air? Greetings and salutations, Your Majesty! We are but traveling entertainers who have come to witness the splendor of your kingdom. Yes! The riddle said to come not by foot, so as you can see I'm a wingèd individual, and thus I came your to fine castle in that fashion. Just outside the castle, I met your guards and oh, what a time we had! With the royal iron cage that I was wheeled in upon. Racism, Your Honour! I I believe it is my demonic appearance that is the reason why I was arrested and thrown into your cell. With racism. Didn't we hear something about the silver beetle doing something against the dark? I don't think his eyes are like that naturally, no. Without having to tell us about it, and being a bit more subtle about this? Well, I haven't used mine yet. I'll set mine to Detect. Practice! Practice is the reason why that happened. Thank you. Thank yes. Big round of applause for constant rehearsal. But! Your Majesty, there is a new aspect of our act that we're just going to try now My dear partner Agatha is working on a very simplistic juggling routine with fine ornate figurines. Please, Agatha Of course you do. Agatha, if you could please hand me the special juggling prop? Yes! I will be yours, and you will be my volunteer from the audience! Yes! So, if I could just get the two juggling props from my two assistants, Agatha and Eggerson Just a moment, please, it's very good. OK, Scribbly, if you could just get out of my way here that's very good, what you're doing into thin air. Now, as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, I have nothing up my sleeves, because I do not have a shirt on. Here are my wings spread open wide Now then, Chancellor Chancelor, if you could just open your hands for me We're just going to try catching this and, uh we'll see what happens when that happens. Alley oop! Heh. Yes! The second volley! Chancellor! Here's another one! Get ready, and And that's our act, ladies and gentlemen! We'll be doing another show in 30 minutes. Well, heh It's the code of the performer. When such acts of magic are performed, we can't reveal our secrets! That would ruin the show. Oh absolutely. We'll maintain the mystery as long as we can. Yes, yes. Very good. Um Is Scribbly free to remain with us for the moment? Do you like fairy cakes at all? Egger son? Just a moment! I know the rules. Eggerson! Fairy cake me. I know. I'm aware Fairy cake. Just put a fairy cake in my hand. All right. Here you are: something from my hand. She's a young girl, Agatha Oh. Kuvatz. Thank you. Kuvatz, one question. We were supposed to bring something back to Ananka would you possibly know what that is? It's going to cost us something for you to tell us, isn't it. Oh! I pick up the ball. So not jewellery, or A ball it is, then! Yes, I'll be sure to bring this back to our dimension. Thank you, Your Ghoulish ness. I doubt I can, but go ahead. Because life is complicated when you don't have fairy cakes to distract you. Here, put this in your cake pouch. We'll bring this back to Ananka. All right, let's see if this works Wait, wait, wait. Get Scribbles here in the middle. Maybe if we all hold hands with Scribbles in the middle, all of us can go back. I feel that Scribbles is important. If they know so much about Steadfast, maybe they can answer some questions. All right, very good. All right. You know what you hold onto Scribbles, I'll press Eggerton's and mine at the same time just to be safe. I can feel everythiiiiiiing!! This the finest foodstuff that I have ever tasted. I love you Snegal. You're my good friend, Snegal. Here's my dry cleaner coupon. Well, I'm out. Good luck to you I'll simply continue walking in this direction until I find something that isn't terrifying. A good day to you! It's very simple, yes. You go to the magical storybook castle by, oh, just having a little interaction with the undead! A good day to you! These are ghouls, are they not? Flesh-eating. Perhaps not the undead Good. We'll find out Oh great. They're both dead and very stupid. Actually, Darcy join our small companion in tree climbing. I believe I have an idea. Try to get as far away from the shambling undead as possible. Once again I must remove my shirt. Bazooka! I regret nothingggg! Gah Ugh Ungh Gaghhh Ugh. I think I'm safe now Aghhh. Aghh. I've cut myself on brambles. I have bark in my pants. I'm fine. I meant to do what I did in the tree. Yes I've eviscerated dead people. Now, let us sally forth to the storybook castle which appears to be at a time further in the past than when we were. A few more of these missions and perhaps we could witness the dawn of the universe. Jim dandy! I'm having a quite a time. Could someone please hand me my shirt. Ahh, the blast radius. I didn't Well, I think when they get exploded, they're not really going to come back oh, that hand is still moving. Well that's unsettling. Let's just keep moving. No, I'm not familiar with King Pamir, because I'm on the same mission as you. You can't get on my back I'm not that strong I just did the zombie thing! I can't fly all three of us there. Oh don't make me go ahead. I don't know how well I'm going to be welcomed. "Hello I'm a half-naked demon! Do you have any problems with the undead? Because I was probably the cause of that!" And we're skipping ahead, and we're skipping ahead Just read her the sign. Oh now! Who the Couldn't be Eggerton, he wouldn't fit in this. Might have been Darcy I've noticed that she wears clothing that's far too big for her. That's it! I'll try to question Darcy. She says she's meditating, learning spells as if she's going to be able to learn magic spells! I don't care what era this is. People cannot learn magic spells. Accountancy, one can learn! Magic spells I believe you cannot. I thought this would be harder. Miss Kimble! A question about my laundry. Hello? You're here too?! I was so obsessed about the loss of a shirt, I didn't notice that anyone else was here in the room. Miss Kimble! Yes, you're learning magic because that's a thing that's possible. One of my shirts is missing! So, you wear pants that are twice your size; I thought perhaps you had taken it. I have more than one shirt. They issued us more than one shirt. You have more than one shirt. No, I'm not looking for your shirt, I'm looking for my shirt. It would be very small on me. Now All right. I'm sorry I interrupted you in your learning how to magic. Perhaps you could magic something where I don't have to talk to him. Yes. I don't want to talk to him. Could you please just meet him at the door, come up with an excuse as to why I cannot talk to him right now. Oh, what good are you and your magic?! Go back to being unconscious while awake. Eggerton! You and I have always been close, and I think maybe you could do me this solid. Just go up to the door And tell him that I'm not here and he should look far away. Thank you very much. I will simply hide under my cot, and when he's gone, I will reveal myself. Excellent. I don't know how you had a job in our time. All right. Snegal. Snegal Obviously this is something we're going to have to deal with right now. Yes, I understand that. But before we go see the quartermaster You see, Snegal, this has been a very trying time for me. I've been thrust backwards in time, I've been told that Uh, yes, that's Very good, but see, that is part of the problem. See, I'm concerned that perhaps, due to my overwhelming fear and loneliness in the situation that I am in And again, that's part of the problem. Because I'm concerned that yesterday, during a moment of weakness, that perhaps  Yes, well, that's not a euphemism that I'm aware of, but I believe you and I sang the "friend song" And that was very wrong And that we should not do that again. I apologize to you small imp from a previous time with a lower education than mine.  I believe perhaps that we could get to a point where we could be friends yes, but Yes but singing the "friend song" is not something that should occur again. I'm sorry. I was in a bad place and it shouldn't have happened Ah Well! We're saying this in front of the two of them, so I'm not sure how much of a secret that is. Excellent. All right, so we'll pretend that that never occurred, and that we're simply trapped in a previous time where we are solely responsible for saving the entire multiverse. Uh In a while, yes. Perhaps you can be Eggerton's friend for a while, or Darcy's compatriot.  Of course. Yes. So! Let's see what the quartermaster has to say. I wouldn't be so superior. You think you can do magic.  Oooh, I believe this may be a beholder! I read about these as a child. Well the the book that I was reading about beholders in was actually more of a fairy tale type of Oh, heh yes, that's very good. I'll have you know that I recently found out that I have some, um, personal boundary issues. I don't know if us getting that intimate is such a good idea Oh! There was an incident between me and someone else here that involved touching that led to uncomfortableness Oh yes, yes, I see. I see that I didn't actually do anything with Snegal! Thank you, Beholder Being, for giving me this information that I could have used half an hour ago! Oh, we're going to give him Eggerton Just a moment please, Beholder being! You're going to get beholdered! Everyone else had to be beholdered, you're going to be beholdered. I didn't actually have sex with Snegal, so I did a big production for no reason I did not have sex with Snegal, that's the point! Here! Get yourself beholdered good! I actually hadn't noticed this time, no. Beholder. Please refer to it as a Beholder. Ah, just a moment. So, I believe what's supposed to happen is that if actual warriors came in here they would think about warrior things, and the beholder would give warrior-type equipment. But since we are just three random future yobbos, we've been given things based on those memories, such as sailboats, fairy cakes and the knowledge that you did not sleep with a co-worker. Yes, more than likely but at least I did not have sex with an imp! I did not have sex with an imp! That is the point! I thought I did; it turns out I didn't. The Beholder thank you Beholder gave me the knowledge that I did not. Oh Lord, I probably confused Snegal to high heaven Yes, let's move on. We have a sailboat with which to conquer evil! Let's move on! We quite enjoy your library that doesn't make any sense. Ah, no. This is a piece of jewelry not a refreshing summer drink. I'm just a little confused by the name, "iced tea". Yes. Well now, this is all very simple. I don't see how any would when using this in a future point could be the least bit confused! We've been promoted to a point where we're now allowed to die; I was able to keep it in my pants; so I say let's go! What's the worst that could possibly happen? Well, I feel immediately better! The entire storyverse, the word "sarcasm" has never come up in any of them. I'm sure this shirt will be fine. Don't worry, we have a boat! All right. Peace out, so says Blaaaaat! Ugh dah Ugh Agh daagh gahhh. Another hit point of damage Darcy? What's wrong with her?! The priestess is? Bazooka! Loxsyn! We choose Loxsyn! I feel that you're being very rude and unfair and thus, you will not be the goddess of this large tree! This is like the televisual device that I had as a child! My father and I could not afford a very good one. So the colour scheme was always slightly off. I'm quite used to this. Oh! Oh. So I could go this way or I could go the other way. It's a game of Onesy-Twosy. What shall I choose? Onesy-twosies, apple and pear, tell me which way I should stare. Oh Have I gone in a big circle? Oh no. Has Onesy-Twosy Apples and Pears has it let me down? Oh, ever since I was a child that always put me in the right direction. Well, I'll have to test this theory. I'll sally forth in the direction that I'm currently walking. Hmm. Perhaps I should get off the path and follow this thing that moved very quickly. Oh! I found the secret hidden path. Thank you thing that moves quickly. Although that still doesn't explain why Onesy-Twosy Apples and Pears let me down I can't think about that now. Well, you see, bottle and chair isn't actually two sides of the same coin Hey, wait a second! Who said that?! I see. As punishment for defying a goddess, I'm now alone in the middle of a magical forest and slowly going insane. I'm glad that you agree with me, brain! I'm slowly going mad. I guess I'll take this secret hidden path deeper into the woods, and perhaps I'll find someone I know. Or some confirmation that I've finally gone completely bonkers. I'm not losing my mind. I'm not losing my mind. See, the secret is, if you know that you're sane, you'll stay sane. And I have never felt more sane, despite the fact I don't know where I am, I don't know what direction I'm going in, and there's a creepy voice that keeps interrupting me. Yes, a creepy voice! Something that just enters my brain despite me not knowing where it's coming from or who the person is. I'm going to assume it's not disconcerting. Because it's not. Because I'm sane. No, because usually people wandering around in the woods is something that crazy people do! But I'm not crazy, and how about you? Are you crazy? Ah! You're not sure! I guess I'm going to have to be in charge of this expedition. That's tempting I'm worried though, that if I turn around and look for you, that you're not going to be there. And if you're not I'm going to start worrying that maybe I'm a little bit crazy. Exactly. What if I ask you this No, I like that. I like that. That's better than what I was going to suggest. All right. I'm going to keep my eyes open, and continue staring ahead, and if someone, say in the next thirty seconds, should cross my field of vision, well then, I'm not crazy! Well, there you were! I saw you! Yep, you're you're dressed in a black robe! No, no. Well Oookay. I'm just gonna walk in a big circle, going behind me, and I should cross your field of vision. All right. Keep them peepers open real wide! You saw me! Okay! Here's what I'm worried about: You're dressed in a black robe. That's kinda creepy. So now I don't think I'm crazy but I am worried I'm in mortal danger. How about you? You saw me. What do you think? Yes! Yes! Aha! So we're both on the same page. Okay! My name is Blat. Okay! That's not a proper name! Is that a nickname? Or a title of some sort? Is that your job? I don't know! It's your name, you tell me! The Jolly All right, all right, all right, all right, all right. We'll simplify it. You're Jerry the Jolly Jester. All right? Jerry the okay. You're Jerry and I'm Blat and we're both a little scared of each other. Now. Final question. When you walk around, does it seem like you keep walking into the same place that you left? Dammit! I am a little bit crazy. But does that mean that you then know how to get out of here? You do! Okay! Jerry the Jolly Jester, I am going to walk in a circle again walking behind me. When you see me, stop me and then together, we're going to leave this crazy wooded area. All right? You put your hand out! You put your arm out and you grab me. You grab my arm. Okay. Here I go, walking in a circle Oh, that's I'll try not to. Again, the robe kind of freaks me out a little. Uh that might freak me out more. Lower the hood. Just lower the hood. Okay! Here we go, Jerry. I'm walking backwards, knowing that I will be grabbed at any moment. Aaaaa! Okay, I'm sorry, I know that that No, I'm sorry! I just It's still a little Okay, Jerry. Let's just get a look at ya. What's your head look like, Jerry? Let's see. You're not helping me out here, Jerry. Yes, you did grab me, but you're not a corporeal being! Jerry, I don't feel like you're being completely honest with me! All right Jerry, look at me. Sort of? You see how I'm a physical being? Look, I'm going to pinch my skin. Did you see that? I'm skin Uh Okay? Okay All right, you're sort of here but you're sort of not. It's not helping me out, Jerry. You're still kind of freaking me out. I don't know what "Shadowborn" is.  Between what, Jerry. So is this like, Limbo? Is this Limbo, Jerry? Am I not in heaven and not in hell but is that what this is? Okay, to get out of the wooded area. Is this like, maybe you live nearby? Maybe you could take me to where you live. Do you live nearby? Not really, but I don't know what else to do, Jerry. I pissed off a goddess, and now I'm in the woods that don't end, and I'm talking to you do you have a face? Do you have? Like, you have the outline of a head but I'm not seeing any actual features. Do you have like, eyes and a nose? Well, I'm not seeing them, Jerry. I'm not seeing them. Ahhh. Okay, the Between. Okay. Jerry, you know how I mentioned earlier that I pissed off a goddess? Okay. Heh. Well, funny thing. Um the goddess that I specifically pissed off? Was probably Celene. Dammit, Jerry! Jerry? Aw, come on, Jerry. I'm sorry I was a little bit freaked out that you're Shadowborn. Really? You're just hiding because I said her name? Look. Jerry, do you think it's really fair that one person should have this much control over your life, and the trees and the glade and everything that's this I don't know what? I don't. Which is why I stood up to her. Don't you feel that maybe you should stand up to her as well? Well Okay, Jerry You mentioned that this was a fae area? "Duh." Like I know! I have a friend in my party. He's also one of the fae. Do you think maybe he could be here, and maybe with a couple of my other companions? Jerry you said you were going to take me to the In-Between. Why can't you just take me to the In-Between? Even though I did piss off the grand You did! You said you'd take me. You did! You said you would take me! You said you would take me! Come on, Jerry! Be a pal. Deal. Maybe my friends have wound up in this In-Between as well. The Between. I'm sorry. It's a proper noun. We get there Maybe my friends back in my reality could get me back somehow, because it's All right. Going in Between. In between what, I'm sure I don't know. And he steps out from a tree in front of you. All right, I'll step where you step. What? Walk All right, I'm sorry. It's hard when you've got giant wings! I normally have a shirt to keep them in check. Drag one foot? I feel like this is an old comedy bit, but I'm going to go with it. Walk this way! Here we go. I'm a non-corporeal being who doesn't actually have a face and walks with a limp. Are we in Between, Jerry? I just thought there'd be more to look at than just a colour. I'm talking to you, Jerry Maybe you could tell me who I'm supposed to talk to? Okay, Jerry, I'm gonna be honest. You're a little less than helpful. I thought you were going to me a solid and Ohhhhh. I don't know how to do this without freaking them out. Oh well. Hi everyone! Okay, sort of a good news / bad news situation The good news is we found each other! The bad news is, we're in Limbo. Now, bit of good news once again: I think because of my demonic background, I may have some control over Limbo. All right I'm not quite sure how to do that. Uh Well, I'm sorry, I'm new to the Limbo thing. I talked to someone named the Jolly Jester who was a shadow person and said he was part of the In-Between. But then he attacked me. But that attack didn't work. Because of my kind of sort of control of Limbo all right. I have an idea. Let's all just gather the circle, hold hands and if I think really hard, maybe we can get back to our world. No! I had a conversation with the Jolly Jester. We were pretty sure that I was probably only a little crazy. Oh, no, Darcy! I don't think this is the time for that!  Please, Darcy, not in front of the others! All right. Ohhh! I feel four times stronger than I did before! Everyone off! Everyone off!  Solid ground! Get to solid ground. Gather round Eggerton! He can't walk! Gather around. We're going to try to un-Limbo ourselves out of here. Everyone. Just hold hands! Grab Eggerton's hand! All right, so here we go. I'm going to think really hard, think about my half-demonic past see if we can get out of here. This is the In-Between. I know you're gonna ask me "in between what". I'm not entirely sure. But this is where I left Jerry. Jerry the Jolly Jester. He's a non-corporeal being. He's Shadowborn. Basically, I've learned, if you ask a question they poof out of existence and then don't come back. All right, look. I was able to get us out of danger from being eaten by parkland so maybe if we all just hold hands again, and I think really hard, maybe I could get us back home. So everyone huddle up again. We don't know that the fairy is going to help us. The fairy is just finding out how much the fairy can get if the fairy brings our heads to Celene or something. No, it's fine. I'll continue standing here in the grey nothingness with you folks instead of trying to get us back to our plane of existence. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! You didn't We have nothing to barter with now! Actually, my friend here has one that tastes exactly as you described! And if you would like to have it I always had a theory that you'd be able to fly easily if you just weren't shoving fairy cakes in your gob every three minutes. Okay. So if you just get us out of here, back to where we came from, Eggerton will give you all of his fairy cakes and you'll be able to go back to and tell Celene that we're dead and then collect everything that she promised. Wonderful. Now you're not going to just pop out of existence, right? Because we don't know where you're going. You have to physically take us to wherever you're taking us. Step where you step. All right, then! Right Uh-huh. Well, this is better, but this isn't where we came from. No fairy cakes for you! Not a one! Not a single fairy cake for you. I'm sure nothing bad's going to happen if I should touch the altar. Here! I do not need the power of Morrigu. Bazooka! What are you talking about? The Priestess was aaugh! I have had better days. All right. I don't want to have to do this, but I am terribly hurt. Darcy, how are you doing? All right. Eggsy? Hand out some fairy cakes. Thank you. Oooh. What? What? I can't I can't hear you. Okay. Look at my mouth. It's moving. Words are coming out. This is a cruel joke that you're playing, because the mouth is moving Quit pointing your arm hair at me. It's freaking me out. I don't need your hair. I'm walking away from both of you! I don't need your hair. I've got some on my head, and well, really not much anywhere else, but I'm fine with that. Everyone's hair I'm leaving the tree. I'm walking backwards out of the tree. Well, now I feel I probably look ridiculous. Looks like we're getting some weather! We're getting a lot of weather. Pleather? No, I don't need another fairy cake. The sky! Look at the sky! That there's no other guys. Why is your hair in love with me? Get away! I'm walking away! I'm not interested in your hair! All right! Everyone get a buddy. Let's buddy up. Make sure everyone is safe. All right I haven't felt this lonely since grade school. Oh, I'm sorry! Is this bothering you? I'm not doing this on purpose! Don't close the door. Everybody out! Out of the tree! Pick a buddy, get out of the I'm sorry, are you being helped? I'm not doing this on purpose! I'm sorry we're inconveniencing the underage mailman! But fine. I'll stand in the corner of the tree if that'll make you feel better. I don't know how this works. Those never work. I'm not tempted by that! Really. How much paper are we talking about? An entire ream of paper? In just one punch?! My God! This would change everything about the Home Office! Oh no You don't understand! It's something I've always wanted! No! I've had plenty of clean shirts! No! The system that I use is perfectly good. You're talking to the wrong one! That's something he'd be interested in. Wait a second. How are you talking to me. Didn't you get some sort of a sharp object shoved directly into your brain. Aaagh! Please don't show me that please I can't I can't look at it. I'm sorry, I can't. Wugh! Ohhhh! Is it possible to ask the audience, or perhaps choose a different door? I'll poll the audience. All right, everyone! And you too, mail guy. You can participate. What should I chose. Should I choose Door Number 1 or Door Number 2 which hasn't appeared yet. I'm sorry, I don't know what a B7-9000 is. No, I have no idea. Projects through objects? My goodness. I've just been firing and hoping that I blow something up. I never thought that I could get something so precise. Really, I don't Or perhaps choosing Door Number 2, since you seem to be shying away from that. Yes! I chose Door Number 2, because it's something that you don't want me to choose, eye-socket woman! Yes. Evidently it gave me the chance to knock my head against the floor. How are you, mail delivery person? Yeah, that's what it's like hanging out with us. Quite low, I would imagine, yes, but we seem to be in a tree that makes this possible. Darcy, I think perhaps you and I and everyone else should hurry up and Darcy? Oh no Oh no. I I don't -I don't I don't know what to  You! Mail kid. Did you come with anyone else? Medical care! Is there anyone there who knows about medical care? Here! Then work your magic. I don't know why you're delivering mail if you're such a surgical expert! What's wrong with her? Well, un-dead her then! Do something! Shouldn't you compress her chest or something? Just do something! You can't touch? What kind of a medical person can't touch a patient?! Here. Okay. I'm going to lift her legs above her head. Does that do anything? What does that do? I'm not touching the chest! Okay. Legs down, legs up. Legs down come on, Darcy! Legs up. Legs down, legs up I don't know what I'm doing! Daaargh! All right. I commend you on bringing her back from the dead, but you brought her back crazy! Fairy cake him! It's flawed but at least it tastes good. Don't take it alone. Slaad! The Priestess is There's something you don't see every day oh, I'm looking at it. Urghhh. Well, I've never been to much of a religious person per se. So perhaps the next person that comes to visit your um, cracked-in-half tree will be able to help you out. Baaaaaaaaaaaaaazooka! Oooo. If you keep this up you won't know if this fine young gentleman has any mail for you. Ulk! Consider that a mail delivery, ya one-eyed priesty weirdo! Gahhh. Maybe I can't, but a metal tube from the future can. Bazooka! That's right, Eggsy. Finish her off. Even though it looks like the top of her head is missing Augh! Agh! Why does this keep happening?! I haven't eaten that much. No. No. I Yeah, I've taken a lot of hits. Maybe give me a fairy cake. What is this?! That's literally all that you do. You bake things and we eat them later. And I was good for the fact that occasionally it drove us insane, or we were drunk, or we were stupid. But now it's just junk food. Hears what? What are you talking about? Before, we couldn't hear anything, and now you're claiming to hear singing. I'm really trying my hardest, and not freaking out that you're just calmly referring to this thing over here as "Bearcy". She's not an animal; she's the woman that we've been living with for the past few months! Quit saying this like this makes sense! If this mail kid could figure out how to unlock this door I might be leaving with him. She keeps licking herself. The old Darcy didn't lick herself. Okay, so now we have mood lighting. Great. The woman who made us breakfast! Well, there she is. The top of her head's gone. I hope that does the trick, because we thought we killed her once and we were wrong. But we think this time, we did it. Also she's a bear now. I'm the only one here who doesn't speak bear. I'm sorry. Mail kid! How are you with animal languages? Uh, yes. This was the Priestess who tried to murderize all of us a few times. So again, this lady here on the ground really tried to murder us, and, uh, I got into a fight with some of these frog people like, you see over there? No, not that, not over there. That's the mail guy. All right now, in our defense we literally just finished defeating her. We haven't had a chance to search the area. Again, the Slaad didn't tell us at all that this emaciated person was down in the tree basement. I do apologize for that. Again we defeated great evil though! Great evil was defeated! I'm constantly getting undressed in front of you people. Sorry. Sorry about that. I'm I'm half-demonic. Choose the evil demon from the depths of the underworld? No something far better. A three-hole punch that will never jam. Yes? Yes. Again, not interested, despite the promise of the three-hole punch. No, he's referring to me. I think he has an anti-demonic prejudice. I suspect, yes? Um could you just excuse me with the party for just one moment? Heh. Thank you. Just a moment. All right. So apparently, we can make all of this better again and make this a place that can accept mail, I guess is what you were here for. They'll accept and give out mail if we simply sanctify it with a new god or goddess. Not where I was going. Darcy. Dammit. What if we made your goddess She's a bear. Loxsyn! We chose Loxsyn to be the goddess of Lady my friend died and came back as a bear. His whole purpose in life is to make fairy cakes. And now they don't work. And this kid (who has a brilliant future as a surgeon or a medical professional by the way) just wanted to deliver some mail and that couldn't happen. I think you are part of the problem. We all risked our lives to try and save you. And you have been particularly ungrateful. Hi-diddly-ho! Go for Blat! Oh, no. I think I should've got that by now. Do you have a name for it? Makes finding the file a bit more difficult. I'll see if it's this one. Nope, it's not this one. Maybe the one below it No. I just got these last night, so I don't think these would be them. The explosion. Oh, right. Now did I file that under E for Explosion or D for Devastating Explosion? Just give me a minute, please. Actually, it was in another section of E. It was under Extremely Devastating Explosion. But I have it here, yes. Boy, it's a thick one! D 7 3 9 2. I'll pneumatic tube it up, sir! And that's a good day from Blat. Long Live Boltius! Come on. Get out! Get out! Stop the whining! Get out! I'm cold! This has never happened in all the time I've worked here. Well, that's changed since last time. I hope the Speechifyer is working. I feel like I need to report this to HR or something. I know, I'll call my boss! That's it! He wanted to get the Devastating Explosion file and perhaps this will take precedence. I guess I'm gonna to have to go upstairs. Oh, there's a file in it. Well, there's part of a file in it. Oh! This was part of the Extremely Devastating Explosion file that my boss wanted Save that for later. Oh, thank heavens! Long live Boltius! Mmmm! Like mother's milk. No, no Copernicus should be on duty. He's the head of security. He should be at his little desk out front here. Oh Copernicus, what's happened? Bag, do you know anything? Hello? Long live Boltius? Hello? Hello? Sirs? Corporate executive sirs? Maybe this makes me the head of the building now? My first order of business will be to get a new furnace. I'd ask someone to do that but there isn't anyone here. Ohhhhh someone's going to ask me about that file I didn't bring. Or maybe the lunch--the lunch or the file. It's one of the two. Ah yes. Long live Boltius! Uh fair warning: I am not a executive or division head of any sort. I work a few floors below. I've just come up to see what's going on Ow! I don't see how this is helpful. That part was correct. We don't usually shoot bolts at one another afterwards it's more of our version of "hello". I think perhaps you have something to do with this. And you're not--oh, I'm starting to black out. Of course you are! Joe? Oh, Joe. Other than your foot, what can there possibly be in your shoe? Well, all right, just stop for a second and take it out. Moving forward. Stopping. Here we go. Do you want to check your other shoe? All right. Very good. Time management-wise, you could have checked four times during that sentence. Just check your shoe! Are those even your shoes? These are Joe's shoes. You're wearing Joe's shoes. Fine. All right. Here are your shoes. Roderick says hello. I don't care. Just keep moving. It's fine. Trust me. Joe has nothing to worry about walking-wise any longer. Besides, we've been walking for seven minutes. You drank my canteen of water?! Well I am half human! See, Darcy, this is why I appreciate that you're here. You're really the reason why any of this works. You're so important to me, Darcy. I'm never going to forget you. Well, I'm sorry just spending too much time with this other one, I tend to go a little bit crazy. I'm just glad that you're here. It is I! A fellow red-skinnèd traveler. We're actually trying to, um, get to a vacation spot not too far from here. Perhaps you could help us out. It's some sort of a temple, perhaps? I didn't realize it was your temple But we seem to be similar! Perhaps distant cousins of some kind. Would it be so bad if I and these two other non-red-skinnèd people came to visit your temple? Now we must come to the temple. So before it seemed like you didn't want us to come to the temple. But now we must come to the temple. So is there a faster way to get to the temple? The other fellow here, he's been complaining about the walking. See, I don't think "kill us to the temple" is grammatically correct. Sir, did you say you would carry us to the temple? See, it's "carry us to the temple". Is this a helpful carrying-to-the-temple? Are we being oh, are we being captured? Fath. Fath. So he's Fath. Well, again, I don't see why we need to kneel on the ground and put our hands behind our head, but fine. If it'll get us to the temple faster. Fath Is it truly necessary to tie us to poles and carry us as if we're yesterday's groceries? I may? I didn't want to a start a fight, why am I? Can't we just settle this like mature, red-skinnèd gentlemen? My two friends and I do not wish to be tied to a pole. Do you have a wagon of some sort that we may travel in? Just poles. Not much of a Wait, what? All right, gentlemen. I see that perhaps Blat. Pleased to meet Well if I am indeed chosen, and for what, I am certain I do not know, I don't see why I need to travel by pole. Now all right. If we're to fight, let me just do one little thing first. It's a two step process. Oh, Glytha Bazooka! All right, as you can see, I can make things explode. Now, you may be large and powerful, but maybe we can call it a draw Hagh! Aghhh! The sticks! We'll travel by sticks! I don't mind any more! I'll have you know, I was trying to spare you from the bazooka shell. But I see it now that was a mistake. It's tough love. That was a good shot, my friend. I feel like there's far too much sugar in my system, but there's too many of them. Just kneel down and put your hands over your head. I did think we were going to be tied to a pole and then placed over an open fire. You know, for eating. Yes, absolutely. We've found so far that when it comes to the talky-talk you should be spending more time filling your gob with fairy cakes. Again, thank you very much for that fairy cake save from earlier but I don't know if this is the best idea. Well, this is going to go well. False prophet. Was it the geranium thing? The false prophet, yes. We believe that Idries is a false prophet. Could we speak to Idries anyway? Darcy here went to college with her! And that, my dear Eggerton, is how you orate. Well, who would turn down that particular request? Who still appreciate that the friends that one has early in life are the most important. Oh yes. So go say hi to your old friend. Oh! Well that doesn't sound so bad. Hello! Uh we were just trying to talk to that false prophet! Heh. We're from an organization that's -Again, I don't know what I'm chosen for. I never said I was the Chosen One! My good woman. You're looking for a new prophet and that's all well and good. We're in the market for an old one. So perhaps if you could just point us in the general direction where the old prophet was banished to, we'll get out of your tree, and I'll remove the fairy from what he's probably doing, which is messing up your restroom. Bazooka! The sticks! We'll travel by sticks! Scones! I'd like some more scones, please! I'm sorry. That keeps flapping open. Look! Wheeee! Wheeee! A-hee-heeee! The altar swallowed up my dear friend Darcy! What what's happening here?! But why?! Listen, people have been referring to me as the "Chosen One" all day, and then kicking my ass anyway. This is a very strange group. We're just here to see the fallen prophet, the false prophet, however you want to say it. We're not interested in your group. I just want to make sure that my friend is okay and that my other friend is not being assaulted in the bathroom. Visions. Well let's see what did I see? I saw a member of the Slaad spit venom on me. Then I saw her eat a metal tube And then, yes, stairs swallowed up my friend And then another Slaad took my friend away. I'm not interested in your group. We just want to get out of here and find this, whozamacallit, Idris. Touch the altar Oh, just touch the thing that swallowed up my friend. Well, I'm sure nothing bad's going to happen if I should touch the altar. Here! Look! I've touched your Well, I didn't care for that at all! What I just saw! Oh, stop it. We've seen this whole act before it, and it doesn't mean that nothing bad's going to happen to us. Where's Where's the one who spat venom on me? All right. Enough of this Chosen One nonsense. If you truly believe that I'm someone special, why the fighting? Why the acid spitting? Why the kneeling down with our hands behind our head? Why? If I'm truly someone special, why am I being separated from my friends. Why?! How much simpler could I be? All right, back with the crowd. So now I'm the prophet. I don't how can I be the prophet? I don't know anything about your group. We just met you a few hours ago. Oh, of course not! Who can speak for Morrigu? Morrigu is so mysterious I don't know who Morrigu is. I all right. How about this: So I'm the new prophet? Well, I then say that Morrigu has beamed a message into my brain that says All right, that happened before Sure. Could you perhaps, um I just sort of blacked out there for a second. Could you perhaps repeat what just happened? All right. All right. Someone, for heaven's sake, move the altar. Get my friend out of the tree basement. The power of moving a chair? All right. All right. Eggerton, get up here. If we put our shoulders against this thing, maybe we can move it. I don't know! I don't know what this Morrigu nonsense is. I just have some weird visions in my head that I'd rather not discuss. All right. All right. Venom girl! Get up here and tell us how to move this chair. Enough with the shaking. Everyone here is either stupid or evasive. Yes. I thought that's what I was thinking about. All right. I'm closing my eyes. I'm thinking about it. Move the altar. Move the altar. Augh! Why did you do that in front of the Slaad?! I see. So you think what would happen is, if one of us would get outrageously angry, that some amazing thing would happen that would then solve a very dire problem that we were in. Starting to work? It sounds like an old dishwasher! I don't know what you are talking about. Listen, could someone please Priestess! Please, just help us move this altar. We need to get to our friend. Fine. The magic words. Yes, please, I need your help. Help us get to our friend! There's always a "first". You see, Eggerton? There's always a "first" for these people. Well. This doesn't sound like it's going to end badly for me at all. Fine! All right, Eggerton, get behind me. Get behind me, Eggerton. Lazbo! Bazooka! I don't need Ugh, excuse me. Pardon me. I'm sorry. I do not need the power of Morrigu. I'm perfectly happy with the power of bazoo okay, we're not going to say that again No, no, no, no. Eggerton, are you all right? All right. I don't know. Oh, don't make me say the word again Bad things happen when I say the word. I don't want you to fight him either, you silly little fairy cake. I don't know what else to do. I don't know what else to Oh, I don't wanna be a Prophet of Morrigu. Don't make me be a Prophet of Morrigu Oh Eggerton, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry I have to do this, I'm sorry buddy, I have to do this Well, I certainly didn't expect that to happen.  That's. It. I'm sorry, Eggerton. I don't know what else to do. You want Morrigu? Well, here comes mother-flippin' Morrigu. BAZOOKA! It's Priestess Time. As the Slaad say: Bye-bye. This is one messed up religion. I thought I was Morrigu! Yagh! Did I do it? Did I do the thing? I think Morrigu is inside me. Mor it's not important. See, this is why I'm not religious. Because frankly, it all gets a bit weird after a while. No I didn't see I thought I fired off a last bazooka shell. What are you talking about? The priestess was AUGH MY LORD. Ugh! Augh! Ugh. Yes. Thank you very much. Oh, don't say that makes it worse! And also what the hell happened to you earlier?! So, just to sum up: You give presentations of some kind And you, my good lady, ladle cheap foodstuffs out to people. Thank heavens we three have been chosen to be the saviours of the entire multiverse. Ego plebium. All right. I have 30 credits on me I'm just gonna take my wallet. And I'm dropping it down. I don't know if you use that in this realm. But I'm hoping we can call it square. Is it possible my leg could grow back? I was cleaved in half before and reassembled. So 30 credits for a leg? Is that fair? Money can be a weapon! Call my weap you didn't call your weapon! I BAZOOKA! I have a dry cleaner coupon in there! I'm sorry, what? Uh Just the sugar is fine uh Uh, two is good Do I get to keep my wallet? Are you going to let me out? No! Why would I know that? Your name's Reginald? Hello Reginald. I I didn't know I could call a weapon! Where I come from I just work in a place with papers that I organize, and then I go home I donate the occasional bit of money to the local theatre I don't know anything about any of this! Oh, I too miss the theatre. The upcoming season sounded like it was going to be really good. Well, I don't know if you're aware of the shows, they probably haven't been written yet there was this lovely one where this woman has to choose between three different suitors, but it turns out that the one that she chooses is actually dying. Oh, it's very sad, but it's also quite lovely because he has a son who she eventually adopts, and together they live happily with memories of the love that they once held WHAT IS THIS PLACE?! Do I get to keep all of my body parts? I FOUGHT A BIG DEMON! THERE WAS A BIG DEMON AND I FOUGHT HIM AND HE SAID CALL YOUR WEAPON AND I DIDN'T HAVE A WEAPON AND I THREW MONEY AND HE SAID YOU CAN MAKE A WEAPON AND I MADE A BAZOOKA AND I KEPT BLOWING HIM UP OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN AND HE WOULDN'T STOP AND HE TOLD ME WE COULD HAVE TEA AND AFTER TEA I BLEW HIM UP AGAIN AND AGAIN. OH GOD I CAN'T STOP SCREAMING. No. What? A teacup? Oh, I'm sorry! Are mushrooms talking to you? I was literally in hell! He cleaved me in half! See this leg? Blown off! Blown completely off! Blood flying everywhere! But I'm sorry, the kitchenware had a conversation with you! No, perfect time. I've learned I can create a bazooka out of thin air. So please, let's have more exposition as to how we're all going to die soon. I FOUGHT A BIG DEMON! I WAS LITERALLY IN HELL! Your name's Reginald? BAZOOKA! OH GOD I CAN'T STOP SCREAMING. "Hello, I'm here to destroy time." Oh, you're here to destroy time, eh? Well eat bazooka! Eh heh heh heh doesn't get old at all. "Well, how about if I came to stop time?" "I also would like to stop time!" Well, how about stopping a bazooka shell! Ah ha haaa I gotcha. No, no, everything's just fine, it's just the occasional flowers are exploding because of too much, uh, sunlight. Go back into your window. Oh yes. Very good. Sorry to disturb you. Keeping the flowers down! "Hello, I'm a flower. I would like to explode." Not before I explode you first! Bazooka! Ah ha ha you lousy flower. Yeah, that's right! You're gonna take this, you lousy flower! I'm sorry, my friend, but only one of us is going to be able to save time! Bazooka! Oh! Oh no! Oh no! I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! That's great A fairy Again I think that perhaps that you think because of my appearance that I'm some sort of demonic overlord here in No, no!   SEAN He grabs your feet. No, I'm just making an assumption that you, with your limited form of education, believes that I'm some sort of superior being. The era that I come from we do not have No, that's not quite what I'm saying it's Snegal improve! You watch! Me get you many more cakes. Me get you less cooked cake! Eh Wait a moment. Is this one of the cakes Eggerton keeps talking about? Oh, it isn't. It is, then! All right, just give me the cake. Ahhh I've always wanted to try one of these. He keeps going on and on about how magical the fairy cakes are And I have been wanting to try one of these for quite some time. So I don't expect you to be my servant, but I do thank you for bringing this to me. And now, the so-called ambrosia of the fairy gods the fairy cake! PFAH! Oh my ugh! Oh, that is terrible! What is in this? Are these peppers? What kind of a fairy cake is this?! Well, I should hope so! I was raised on half-demonic food but even I think this is a bit too spicy for my liking! Uh, IAll right, here! Take it! Go away! I'm not going to ask how this happened. All right. Let's try one of ohhhh, my goodness me. Ohhh, that's a good time. What is happening to my taste buds? My tongue is dancing within my mouth and my tonsils are here to greet it. Ohhh! Good is an understatement, my small uneducated friend. This is the finest foodstuff that I have ever tasted. I would like to keep the pouch. Good. Now! I'm gonna show you something really special. I have found out from a demonic overlord that I have the power to create future weaponry. Would you like to see more future weaponry? Excellent! So, which of these trees do you like the least? Well, the one on my left will feel my rage! Bazooka! Oh! Oh! Oh. Wait Is this another one of those tricks that you're actually okay with fire because you're actually? All right. Ha ha All right. Now, if you don't mind, Blat's just going to lie down here for a moment Seems a little forward, but, uh well whatever you feel is the best thing to do Snegal, have Looked at your hands? I mean, really looked at your hands, and wonder that everyone's got hands, but everyone's hands are different than everyone else's. We're all the same, yet we're all different. Snegal don't be confused. Because I love you, Snegal. I love you so you're my good friend, Snegal. And I don't want to hear you argue the point. That's right. Here for you, Snegal. Here is my dry cleaner coupon. If you go Another two trips and you can have a shirt done for free which you don't appear to wear. Maybe you should start. All right. Great. Just gonna lie down and not freak out. Aa! Football practice! I was just practicing the bazooka and that's really all II'm I'm very sorry; I didn't realize that the tree and the flowers were so important. I tried to pick an area without too many people around, since I wanted to test the bazooka power that I feel that I'm all practiced up, so I shan't be doing that again, that's not to worry and maybe now your hair will lie down and your eyes will return to its original color Eggerton! Might I speak to you just over here for a moment? Um Perhaps we can, um, give them a fairy cake from this pouch that I seem to have on my person. Goose goose! Hello! Here you go. Fairy cakes all around No no, not you! Yes, I am terribly sorry. I'm not sure how I got a hold of this, so here you are; I return that to you and I just want to tell you that I'm not quite sure what happened, but I think I may have had sex with Snegal. You were possessed by the Shattering and now I'm debating whether or not we leave you in the desert to die. Witchy stick, over here to the back of the tent! Witchy stick! I've lifted us upward and now I shall use my bazooka to aaagh! Bazooka! I have a kill shot! I have a long distance kill shot! It's a freaky house with the chicken legs and we're not going to be taken by surprise again, I got the kill shot! Give the word, I give the kill shot! Fine. If this is your hut, why does it follow you about? Oh well, that's a wonderful explanation! That makes perfect sense. And now I'm totally at ease. Does someone else find the chicken walking hut at all disturbing? There. Ha. You see? I saw what you did to that zombie and now your opinion doesn't hold water with me. That's how it eats you, you know. It just says hello, I'm a hut, please come in, and then the kitchen eats you, or something. I don't know how it works. I'm keeping myself locked and loaded because I don't trust architecture that walks about. Why am I still allowing myself to remain here? Don't trust the house. I don't trust the house. I don't like the house, don't trust the house. I would hope that you of all people would realize that the talking angry chicken house is not a normal situation. I will keep myself locked and loaded, thank you. Perhaps I don't trust Ananka. Has she given a single vision summary yet that was correct? Great. So now we're in a giant chicken house. I should feel so much safer about where we are now. Out of the chicken house! Getting out of the chicken house now! I'm sorry. I thought the chicken house wanted her to pet it or something I Quit saying chicken house like this is a regular turn of events! I'm not petting the weird freaky house! Exactly! Which is why I'm not going to pet it! It's making weird dove noises. It doesn't even know what type of bird it is. I did not have the bazooka out yesterday. What happened? Massive zombie attack! The chicken house showed up, we're all like, "Ooh, it's just the chicken house, it should be fine, put your bazooka away." Well, I'm sorry! I'm keeping myself locked and loaded and ready for action. Walking behind me you should walk behind me and get possessed by some demonic force. You can go ahead and walk behind me, I don't care. Normally I would be terrified to approach such a foreboding bar tavern inn. But it doesn't have animal legs, so I say we take a pit stop here. It only means this is the last place where you can enjoy a half-decent drink or a meal before we're eventually murderized. Well! The Oracle has spoken. The great witchy powers have finally come to the surface. I believe the tavern serves food. You mean the witch was wrong?! Bazooka! I've got two now. It's safe if you're safe. Are you safe? Do you just run a bar and that's it? Nothing else? So you do know you live-slash-work at a bar, correct? Again, Eggerton, Impescor is a brand that will not exist for several more centuries. You don't need to continue asking people in this timeline if All right. and I'm not sitting here any longer. He'll punch himself out in a moment. Yes, yes. Let's see the frog person cult! No! What we're going to do is spend the night here in the creepy Final Inn, and then in the morning head off to the dead tree where the Oracle won't tell us anything. It sounds like a terrible plan! But it's the best plan we have. I don't know if that's possible, but thank you very much. Demonic problems. Or zombie problems that could have perhaps been solved by giant hands that appear out of nowhere yes! Let's get ourselves a room apiece. Yes, very good. I'll sleep there Yes, Snegal. I didn't think we were in this episode together today. Oh yes. So. I'm going to teach you the most important thing that I learned from my era. There was paper in here. Yes. I'm still in here. It's the same room. So the most important thing Okay. I was holding a pencil. Okay! The most important thing that a young man must know to work in my era. And that is the alphabetization of files. It's a 26-step system. It's all very easy A. B. It's just the alphabet, that's That's all it is. It's just the alphabet goes in a certain order, and that's the system. That's right. So we're going to let him figure this out. If you enjoy the parts of the show where I don't teach an imp the alphabet, perhaps you'd like to become one of our Patreon supporters. Go to patreon.com/albasalix to get early access to episodes. Or, what you can also do is use the hash tag #otherbothers on Twitter to talk about the show. Yes. We talked about that quite often in my era. So please rate and review the show. Tell a friend if you like it, and uh, if you know of any more intelligent imps that you can send our way, it'd be much appreciated. You just stick files that start with each letter on that letter's shelf. Ah, you see, I'm not actually going to let you touch that. See, the only way for that to appear is if I were to say it, and the last thing I want you to do is to get access to my bazooka. Oh, what have I done? Outside! Outside! I feel like I'm having the wrong dream. This is someone else's dream! Someone that I know quite dearly. Ooooh, there you go. Well! I don't know whether that's Joe or Darcy who has prepared such a fine repast, but I will certainly take full advantage before we go on another pointless and exceedingly dangerous adventure. Hmm! I didn't notice this when it was dark last night. Actually, I would pay more than a silver in night to stay here! Perhaps we did get a bit of a bonus. When he said first watch, perhaps someone was meant to relieve him. Ah well. Eggsy! Eggerton! And how's that going? All right, then! flawless logic. It's time to wake up! There's food cooking downstairs. Perhaps this day will begin not totally sucking. There's a breakfast being made. That's really all I'm concerned about at the moment. Usually when crazy stuff happens, we don't at least get a meal out of it, so let's count ourselves lucky thus far. I just hope that in the past, Joe is a better cook that he appeared to be in the present. Or the future. Which was our present. Which actually is further in our past. Whatever! I'm going to eat something! Is it Joe? Well perhaps the breakfast downstairs is being cooked by his wife, who is not around from last night. I think it might be a sensitive subject for him though, so you should probably Uh, no! Your wife is most likely downstairs cooking breakfast for us all. Aghhh. Trying to tapdance around the D-word and you just stop right on it. No, my friend. I don't think this is a cleaning crew that did this. I think once again, we've slipped backwards in time. This time though, I think perhaps we've only gone back, eh, 30, perhaps 40 years? So in the grand scale of things not too badly. Is that oatmeal that I smell? Lovely! Mrs. Joe might be an oracle? Hello Celene. Um You're not what I was expecting from an innkeeper's wife. Oh no, of course not! You're merely in an inn, serving us breakfast. How best would you describe yourself, Celene? Of course you are! The goddess of the moon! Why wouldn't you be? I would absolutely love that! That would be spectacular! I'll take my bowl over here while I silently scream into the corner. Blat takes a spoonful of his yogurt and lobs it at Eggerton's head. Um frog cult? I don't need to talk about the frogs Joe? Oh, Joe. All right Yes! Joe was up there and said that this is something that sometimes happens and all we need to do is go to the Oracle place and investigate for ourselves. Joe is just an old man who wants us to take care of this problem. Yep. Good old Joe  So have we all had our fill of imaginary oatmeal and yogurt? Excellent. So. Off we go ito a several-hour journey to the Oracle who's being held by the Old One. I suppose we'll save time if we travel in this ridiculous domicile. I'll handle this! Bazooka! The last time I met this minotaur, he bagged and tagged and roofied me and I wound up in this ridiculous era. I feel perfectly justified in calling for my soul weapon. He is responsible for the Shattering! He is the reason why I am here beside a chicken house and not at some future point in time, sleeping in my orthopedic bed. Hmm. Let's See. What do I want to do? Go with my kidnapper? Or perhaps moving forward and solving this whole moon goddess Celene-Idries situation. I choose Idries! Well that settles it, then! One of us is actually in charge, right? I feel like there's a lot there that's remained unsaid. Well, I'd say we would be better off with Ananka, but all we usually get is, "I'm sorry, I don't know why this isn't working." So really we're no worse off. We don't have a chicken house, so frankly, I think we're ahead of the game. Now l let's walk for several hours so we're good and exhausted before we actually meet anything of any import. Yes, Eggerton. Well, what will really blend your brain is Where did the chicken house come from? Was there an egg house? Now you've blended my brain. Greetings and salutations, guardians of the castle! I am Blat, he’s a drunken idiot, and she’s wearing pants that are too big for her. They said that there might be two other people coming this might be one of those people! Yes! I will be yours, and you will be my volunteer from the audience! And that’s our act, ladies and gentlemen! We’ll be doing another show in 30 minutes. A ball it is, then! Yes, I’ll be sure to bring this back to our dimension. Moira, we come to you triumphant! Not only were we able to defeat the Shattering in that storyverse, but look! We've brought someone from our timeline. Scribbles? Come. Come, Scribbles. All right! We don't know Scribbles' real name or where they're from exactly or their gender Oh! Heh. They weren't doing that before. Scribbles, you might want to stop doing that. No, you see, we found Scribbles in the storyverse, drawing things from our era. Now, you've mentioned that there were two other people from our era who were brought back, so we found one of them: Scribbles! Well, I'm actually not sure if that is possib Well, if you look at it from another directi oh, yes, that is what you think it is. I'm sorry about your floor. It's just we thought that Scribbles came from our era, so Yes. Again: wasn't doing that before. But yes. So what you seem to be intimating is that, instead of doing a grand heroic deed rescuing someone from a storyverse that they should not be in you seem to be saying that we've grabbed a random person and brought them to another reality and are thus kidnappers. Ohhh, I've done a bad thing. You ladies seem like you've got a lot going on so maybe Eggerton and I'll just get out of your hair for the time being. Okay then. I'm just glad we finally reached an area with a decent temperature. Ah, so pleasant! You used all of your water to make your last batch of fairy cakes, didn't you? Well, I suppose that's true if you're very bad at spelling. Just try to suck moisture out of another fairy cake. Any excuse to eat a fairy cake, eh? I can't believe that a man of your size has problems with eating. All right. Deh dit dit deh dit dit deh There, now being thirsty is the least of your problems. The sand acts as an exfoliant! I believe this is a religious break. Oh, how I wish I was a religious sort. Fine. Let us continue with Candy World. Yes I was winning, despite not really knowing or caring about the rules. What can I do with my seven? Is there anything I can purchase to perhaps make this game end sooner? I see. But if I have seven and you have fewer than that does this not mean I've already won? All right, I'll just roll quickly here. Oh, a 13! Oh, good for me. I've made it all the way around. Well! Ahhhh. That was a great session. Purple swirlys all around. How is our religiousing doing? Do we know anything that needs to occur? Hello within the lean-to? Coming into the lean-to. Hello! So back the way we were going. Normally, I would be upset about this news. But again, I find it just so refreshing in this area that I don't mind. Now, if food is a problem, might I suggest partaking in some of the fairy cakes that Eggerton has. I don't see how there could possibly be any negative side effects if you were to try one! He lives for this. He's very excited about this. No, I believe that is just Darcy who would be outside. Yes, I'll go see what the wind is doing. Uh Darcy? I don't mean to be rude, but based on the conversation that we just had, your behavior is freaking people out a little. So I'm just talking now as a means of gaining your attention. I see. Just a moment; I'm going to be returning to you after I speak to the others inside the lean-to. In the brief time that we've been inside, Darcy has been possessed by the Shattering. Now, it's all right I don't know why I said that. Nothing about this is all right. Fairy cake. Give her a fairy cake. Do something with the fairy cake. It worked! Fairy cakes work against the Shattering! Fairy cake! Fairy cake! Fairy cake! Fairy You were possessed by the Shattering and now I'm debating whether or not we leave you in the desert to die. Just briefly, for just a moment. You seem all right now but I don't know if perhaps you've developed some sort of connection to the Shattering or not. How do you feel generally? I don't know if your opinion can be trusted. What do we do with her? We hear this quite a bit. "Not supposed to", "shouldn't have", "there's no way this is going to" But it always seems to occur! Now we're getting picked off one at a time. Well, let's see to the north it's desert; to the south is desert; if we go east there's desert; and if we head westward oh, there's desert! Where can we go?! Huzzah The last time we made camp you were possessed by the Shattering. Is the witch in the lean-to? Because I have a soul bound bazooka I am the one that constantly has to deal with zombie attacks. All right. Now that that's happened, I feel confident that I may then heroically step out of this tent and see what is occurring! But I have a soul bound w all right. Must keep praying. Must keep praying! Eggerton, make sure you stay close to Darcy. It's time to use a long-range weapon at close range. Bazooka! Need the witchy stick! Witchy stick over here to the back of the tent! Witchy stick! Witchy stick! I asked for witchy stick! Soiled dessert items aren't going to help in this situation! Get! Off! Of! My! Leg! Nooooo! Witchy stiiick! What is happening?! Bashy bashy! Bloody gut mouth! Take the others in the opposite direction as fast as you can! I've lifted us upward and now I shall use my bazooka to aaagh! I can't quite see the auugh! Augh! That was sharp! I I don't know how that could have gone worse. She was possessed. You I don't even want to remember what you did. And Witchy Bone Stick Lady is starting to freak me out. And I say this as a half-demonic being. I don't feel that this adventuring thing is something that we should be continuing to do. I'm a file clerk from a future time. And I did not even have the wherewithal to choose a weapon that I could use at close quarters. I apologize for your tent. I don't apologize for that. Bazooka! Long distance is what I'm good at! Long distance! I've lifted us upward and now I shall use my bazooka to aaagh! I can't quite see the auugh! All right, skyward again and aaa, that was sharp. Oh, I've hit a cactus. I think this way is up. Aaaa! That's the ground. This is up, I think this is aaaaa! What is this? A pot in my face from the stupid aaaa! I cant there's so many random items from the aaaaaagh! Lousy minotaur! Take some of this! I’m sorry? There’s no Boltius! No! Yes, long live Boltius, except Boltius hasn’t been born yet! Aaaaaaaaaaaaa That suit cost me a week's salary. Now I'm wearing what appears to be pyjamas, that in no way is keeping my wings in check. All that furniture I bought It's now at some future point, frozen in time or perhaps doesn't exist at all. If you'll excuse me, I'll be vomiting in the corner in sheer terror. Bleaargh! About 1500 years from now. So, just to sum up: you give presentations of some kind, and you, my good lady, ladle cheap foodstuffs out to people. I worked in a filing room. Thank heavens we three have been chosen to be the saviours of the entire multiverse. If we go to sleep now, we'll be about ten hours closer to the future event in which all reality ceases to exist. Well, good night! I'll go help my little friend. Is there anything that you require in any way? The fact that you were unable to raise the grate is none of my concern, but thank you do you have any hot pockets in this era? I admit, you do come from an earlier time, and perhaps your education is not quite up to snuff to my era. But that does not mean that you are the scum beneath my feet please, do you have any toast? Any potatoes, at all? A plate would be nice. Perhaps now a plate with toast that hasn't been in your mouth. I don't know how you usually do it here Do you have any of this Oh, yes! Snegal fix! No, but here, you can have my toast. Not like mine you don't. I assume this is our physical assessment to see if we are healthy enough to eventually be killed in some horrible manner? Original. Zesty. Party flavour. And Golden. Excellent. What? Hey! Green? Blue. Uh Silver? Clothing could be many colours. Rainbow? Purple. I have no idea what I just did. Aaaa. I was hoping I wouldn't have to do this. I'm gonna need a shirt. Fine! Go ahead. Technically this is mine! C'mere, you! You can't put a price on the lives of goblins. and whatever this necklace is that he grabbed. This might be worth something as well. I don't like to reveal my wings in public. Please don't look at me. Yes. I'm over here. Please, never mind the leathery things. You don't need to be touching You don't need to manhandle what you're feeling. Quit grabbing! Yes. Have Have you gone fairy cake blind? He's gone cake blind. No. I'm a little cold. Excellent. Let's just say my ego is feeling quite "plebium" at the moment. So apparently saying "My ego is feeling rather plebium" wasn't quite correct Ego plebium. I see. Yes. Old-timey demon nonsense. My friend, I come from a future point in history where our people have moved away from this entire Hades, oh-look-at-me-aren't-I-so Again I come from a point where medieval, mano a mano fisticuffs is looked down upon. Also, I lack the "sword" that you demand that I "draw" before you cleave me. I'll pneumatic tube it up, sir! And that's a good day from Blat. Long live Boltius!  Ow! I don't see how this is helpful!  I don't feel well! I need assistance! Ugh. Ugh, thank heavens that's over. Ugh, get away! Get! Ugh! It's like my fraternity days all over again. Well, I guess that's what the pointy bits on my head are for. Ugh, get away! Why did the minotaur put himself in a bag? That's strange. Hello? Minotaur? That's what you get for shooting me! Lousy minotaur! Thought you could hide your identity by being in a bag! Well, take some of this! And this! Look, here's what I'm going to do--I'm going to roll dice! You've just taken seven points of damage, do you like that? You lousy minotaur. Aaaa! My spine! I could do so much gardening here. But it looks like they have! That was the minotaur! Um you didn't see the minotaur? It was a very weak minotaur. You're in a bag. You could just stand up. You should be able to free yourself quite easily. I'm sorry? You muttered something there very dramatically. I'm not sure what you said. Yes. This must be it: the minotaur is coming back. My friend, you and I have been roofied by a minotaur. We'll have to stand here and stand our ground. Uh We're ahead of the game. So steel yourself! Just get ready. Whoever did this to us maybe coming so prepare for badness. You already, you already have badness. You were in a bag and now you're in a field And I don't know where we are He was wearing a hat! The minotaur was wearing a hat! He put me in a bag after shooting you see this hole in my shirt? This is what happened. Something similar happened to you, didn't it? Yes. We had to come up with a way to make it seem less bad. So what we decided to do was add Less bad? To an explosion? Steel yourself! Someone's coming! Um cahoots. You're in cahoots with the minotaur, aren't you? Yes, we were bagged and tagged, and something has obviously happened to this one's head. So could you perhaps tell us why we were bagged and/or tagged and where are we right now? Um, my small friend. Is it possible once we Small-est friend. Is it possible Kidnapper!  Is it possible when we get to Paradox that there is a Speechifyer that we could use?  You don't know what a Speechifyer is, do you?  Never heard the word before. This is brand new information to you.  Nothing, it's not important we are several centuries in the past.  Just a general observation. Please continue on.  I don't think we are in "Old Timeyville", no. I think this is actually a different era from whence we came.  No, we came from this era in that society advanced to the point that we were from. But no, this is not the era that we were born. They're setting fires in the streets!  Karen's not born yet! I don't know who Karen is, but she hasn't been born yet! Karen's grandmother hasn't been born yet! There is no Karen! Forget about Karen! There's excrement everywhere! This isn't where we're supposed to be! Yes, that was for him. I'm sorry, I'm just very upset. I've been walking for 17 minutes! I miss concrete so much.  My friend, I assure you, this is not Old Timeyville. We' a're not in a theme park. We are in the past. Here's a test Here's how I know this! Long live Boltius!  Yes, long live Boltius.  Yes, long live Boltius, but there is Yes, long live Boltius, but! My point is, no one else here knows who Boltius is, because Boltius isn't alive. No.  I! I didn't do He hasn't been born yet! His decend ancestors! Nothing is! There's no Boltius!  No! Yes, long live Boltius, except Boltius can't live long because Boltius hasn't been born yet!  Say to him! Say it! Say it to him, he won't know what you're talking about!  He does not know! He obviously doesn't know!  All right. It's raining and I'm wet.  Of course you're wet too. Why don't we just go into whatever this Academy of The Fallen is, and we'll ask people inside if they know who Boltius is. Yes long live Boltius. Well, she's just repeating. She doesn't know  Madam, do you know of Boltius?  Damn it!  and there we go.  Thank you and I sincerely hope that this is not a cult.  Now, why don't you try your "Long live Boltius" on her?  Were you in a bag?  Then we came in a different fashion.  Well, my short friend here thinks that we're in an old-timey theme park where I assume there's some sort of a pestilence ride will be going on later. I feel that perhaps we've been brought back to an earlier era.  Ah! You see? Ha! Told you!  Long live Boltius.  Our deaths?  Yes, I'm Blat. I'm one of the survivors of the upcoming time apocalypse.  Aaaaaaaaaaaaa 